EDULANE-Let Sucess begin

E-Learning fulfils the thirst of knowledge and offers online content that can
be delivered for the learner at anywhere, any time and any age through a wide
range of e learning solution while compared with traditional learning system. It
also provides the rapid access to specific knowledge and information. There are
numerous benefits of E-Learning over the traditional classroom teaching. Vising
the classrooms and travelling for long hours is much tedious to both the teachers
as well as the students. In offline lectures there is a fixed time of lectures and
one cannot access the lectures after the lectures. Also it includes taking manual
notes and missing a lecture once can break the link of the topic. The offline
lectures also less disciplined as there is a large crowd for the professor to
handle. The traditional offline classes quizzes aren’t as innovative and exciting
as the online ones and one has to manually keep track of the scores attained by
him/her.

So our E-Learning website EduLane is a solution to all these problems. One can
login to the website with the registered credentials and can learn from anywhere
anytime. After logging in, the user can visit the homepage and choose the
desired subjects and start learning. Also one can watch the lectures many times
as per the convenience of the user. One can sit at home and can login from both
laptop and mobile. The notes are available in the pdf form so no need of taking
manual notes as one can access it anytime. Also quizzes are available for better
understanding of topics and the scores are stored in the dashboard of the
student’s login page.
